---
layout: post
title: IoU Log 6
description: Intersection of Universes in residency at La Gare, Langon (French Brittany).
summary: Sixth day of work
comments: false
tags: iou
---
IOU log: June 28. The journey to Brittany is now over. Yesterday evening, we had the chance to show our WIP prototype to our wonderful hosts for a crash test and feedback session. A million thanks to @wassimhalal
and the Çok Malko collective for their warm welcome.

Working with VR and EEG sensors can be frustrating at times but it is overall an incomparable experience - these technologies hold the power to question themselves more efficiently than speculation.

While philosophy has addressed the ideology contained in the prefix "neuro", such a critique has not been delivered for the prefix "cyber".

What did Norbert Wiener et al. have in mind when they coined the term and chose the image of the rodder? Computers were to be the driving wheel of society as a gigantic ship.

More content coming up. All specific information will be delivered soon on the Intersection of Universes dedicated website to be announced soon. DM us for more!

#iou #ioulog #intersectionofuniverses #blender #archaeology #digitalculture #evolution #history

#digitalarts #blender #unity3d #gamedevelopment #artgame

#shamanism #cyber #cybershamanism #skepticism

#metaleptic #metaleptictgames #reality #reality3 #turntablism #miraclecollective #cokmalko #benjaminefrati #shuisaka #nextmind #art #contemporaryart #installation #cybernetics

